URI handling in Map and Timeseries Factories (#7790)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7790.feature.rst

> Fixed incorrect URI handling in `~sunpy.map.Map` and `~sunpy.timeseries.TimeSeries`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added proper URI handling in `~sunpy.map.Map` and `~sunpy.timeseries.TimeSeries`.
```
